README.md, before:

# design-teardown
Microverse 6th Project (Collaborative)

> This page is a clone of thenextweb  page.

![screenshot](./images/screenshot.png)

The page tries to replicate as much as possible the actual TheNextWeb Web page and responsive design.

## Built With

- Html
- CSS
- Google Fonts

## Live Demo

[Live Demo Link](https://rawcdn.githack.com/visva-dev/Building-with-Responsive-Design/822c09b2348dadf1afafb41836940077f5650296/index.html)

## Authors

👤 **Visvaldas Rapalis**

- Github: [@visva-dev](https://github.com/visva-dev)
- Twitter: [@Visva_Dev](https://twitter.com/Visva_Dev)
- Linkedin: [@Visvaldas-Rapalis](https://www.linkedin.com/in/visvaldas-rapalis-009797b9/)

👤 **Ahmad Chata**

- Github: [@ahmadchata](https://github.com/ahmadchata)
- Twitter: [@ahmadchata](https://twitter.com/ahmadchata)
- Linkedin: [Ahmad-Chata](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ahmad-chata-957b9b51/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome! Start by:

- Forking the project
- Cloning the project to your local machine
- `cd` into the Youtube-Replica project directory
- Run `git checkout -b your-branch-name`
- Make your contributions
- Push your branch up to your forked repository
- Open a Pull Request with a detailed description to the development branch of the original project for a review

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) licensed.

Commit message:

Updated README with more description of the project

README.md, after:

# design-teardown
Microverse 6th Project (Collaborative)

> This project consists of replicating the "TheNextWeb" website putting emphasis on how it behaves differently depending on the size of the screen where the website is rendered. Elements are aligned with float, flex and grid. This project used a mobile first approach with breakpoints at 768px and 1024px.

![screenshot](./images/screenshot.png)

The page tries to replicate as much as possible the actual TheNextWeb Web page and responsive design.

## Built With

- Html
- CSS
- Google Fonts

## Live Demo

[Live Demo Link](https://rawcdn.githack.com/visva-dev/Building-with-Responsive-Design/822c09b2348dadf1afafb41836940077f5650296/index.html)

## Authors

👤 **Visvaldas Rapalis**

- Github: [@visva-dev](https://github.com/visva-dev)
- Twitter: [@Visva_Dev](https://twitter.com/Visva_Dev)
- Linkedin: [@Visvaldas-Rapalis](https://www.linkedin.com/in/visvaldas-rapalis-009797b9/)

👤 **Ahmad Chata**

- Github: [@ahmadchata](https://github.com/ahmadchata)
- Twitter: [@ahmadchata](https://twitter.com/ahmadchata)
- Linkedin: [Ahmad-Chata](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ahmad-chata-957b9b51/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome! Start by:

- Forking the project
- Cloning the project to your local machine
- `cd` into the Youtube-Replica project directory
- Run `git checkout -b your-branch-name`
- Make your contributions
- Push your branch up to your forked repository
- Open a Pull Request with a detailed description to the development branch of the original project for a review

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) licensed.
